[Music]
ghosts hello ghostbusters they're real
you do you have they're here
[Music]
[Applause]
ghostbusters
hey amigos they catch the ghost that
won't stay dead they're armed
[Music]
they're dangerous try to imagine all
life as you know it's stopping
instantaneously and every molecule in
your body exploding at the speed of
light right that's bad okay
our important safety tip thanks eager
they're professionals
oh I'm the chairman of the largest
paranormal removal company in America
all that stands between you and the end
of the world the city is headed for a
disaster of biblical proportion real
wrath of God type stuff
fire and brimstone coming down from the
sky human sacrifice dogs and cats living
together mass hysteria your girlfriend
lives in the corner penthouse of spook
central spine is this a trick question
[Applause]
[Music]
stick
[Applause]
Ghostbusters starring Bill Murray
dan Aykroyd Sigourney Weaver Harold
Ramis Rick Moranis coming to save the
world ghostbusters
we Came we saw we kicked it